Project Name: FoodMonkey

Frontend:
Our product is an application-based of food delivery service. At the very first, when the user will open our app, he/she first sees our FoodMonkey logo. Then FoodMonkey app will provide 2 options Login or create an account. If he/she is a new user then he must click on the Create an account option or if he has an account then he can click on the login button.  When the user clicks on the login page, the Food app will provide 2 boxes where the user will be asked to share his/her email and app password. After clicking the login button, he/she can go to the Home page of FoodMonkey. But if he/she has forgotten the app password, then he can recover the password by using his email, Where the FoodMonkey server will send an OTP number for identity confirmation. After getting the OTP, FoodMonkey will show a page where the user can set a new password. In this process, the user can change his password. But when the user doesn't have an account then, he/she goes to the sign-up page where the FoodMonkey app asked to share his/her name, personal email, mobile number, address, password, and confirm password. After clicking the Sign-up button, FoodMonkey needs to verify the given email is valid or the actual owner of the email will use this for our app purposes by a confirmation mail. After agreeing to the confirmation mail, there are all set to explore the FoodMonkey. After confirming will provide some pages, where FoodMonkey shows them which sector of service we are better than others. On the Home page, There are four options provided. Once is Food, once is Bevereged, once is Desserts and one is for Promotions. When the user clicks on the Food button, FoodMonkey will show him/her which foods are available now in at least 50 nearest restaurants to the consumer. Where, a standard view of the food, ratings, restaurants name, and food type will be shown. At the down of the page, FoodMonkey will provide an option called recent items by whether the user can see the recent food list. When the user will click on a food then FoodMonkey will provide him/her the whole details of the food and also asked the give the quantity for calculating the amount price of the food. Another option on the list is Desserts when the user will click on the Desserts button he will show some delicious desserts near his/her location. In the More button, Lots of food are in place here with a discount. Clicking on the profile button, the user can update or change his/her provided information. In the More button, an option is payment details, by this user can update or change his/her payment method. In the More button, users can see our company information by clicking on the about us button. By clicking on the My Order button, the user can see his/the food which he sent in the queue. After checking the queue user will be notified to clear the payment method. After paying the order FoodMonkey will be asked to update or change the location of the consumers. After updating the location, the user will permit to track the location and FoodMonkey will wish himself. By following this process anyone can order in our FoodMonkey by using the app.

Backend: 
API's:
1. GET /my order: In this API, the FoodMonkey server will receive the consumer choice. If it is my order, then FoodMonkey will provide the user full purchase list with details shown here.
2. Get /offers: FoodMonkey receives the user choice and returns the food list which the user can get a discount.
3. POST /order food/order: The user can send an order to the database.
4. GET /orderid: When the consumer will hit the ordered button, the backend section will receive the choice and provide him the list of the whole list of the user purchased till last.
5. PUT /profile: The user's previous data will be stored here. But if he can update or change his information then he can update his information and it will be made changes to the database section.
6. DELETE /orderid: When the user will need to delete his particular order information then he can delete orderid and it will delete the order from the database. 
7. PUT /profile/phone: When the user changes his profile number then he clicks on the profile's phone button. And it updates on the database section.
8. DELETE /profile/phone: By clicking the profile's phone button, the user can delete the phone number from the database.

Database: 
At first, the database will be asked the consumer to provide some basic information about himself like his username, name, address, email, mobile number, and app password. After giving the basic information user will be notified to give his payment methods. By getting payment method it goes to customer page and at the very down button called purchase. In this purchase, the button user will be notified to give the product name and id. The server will automatically the customer id. Then it comes to the delivery page, the user will be asked to give the product quantity and bonus code. The server will make a random delivery id. If any kind of discount here on the product then it goes to the bonus page and asked to give the particular food with discount and the bonus code.